You can have as many as you want. Humph
It's all your fault for bringing this crooked person in
The face of our Shangguan family has been disgraced by you
Linglong, if you can discuss it with your family
Don't make your own decisions
Neither
Now it has become such a situation that you can't get off the stage.
See what you brought back.
Just a lunatic
Hmph talking big talk
I panicked for him
Someone put Shangguan Linglong in the next room
Wake up
As for this ignorant waste
Hmph, drag it out and break the leg
Wait a minute, old lady
He said that
Why don't we give him a chance to show
Are you right?
Hehe yes yes yes
Miss Guan is right
You can deal with it however you want.
Listen to you
As much as you said you wanted just now.
It's not a problem to come and get a few more bottles
I really want to know who is dying
I hate you, this vast wilderness
You won't be disappointed.
Give me another bottle of wine in 3 minutes
Delivered to Shangguan's birthday banquet
Hahaha, do you want to report yourself?
You have to say that there is no problem with taking a bite or two.
There were only 3 bottles of this glory Sendai left at that time
You just spilled two taels.
You really are not afraid to flash your tongue
Miss Guan was joking
He didn't say what wine to send?
Maybe.
Is it the bulk wine bought by our village entrance commissary?
Hahahaha
So boring
Too lazy to play with you
Didn't you hear what Miss Guan said?
Somebody beat this crap out of me
Ye Feng, hurry up
If you don't go, they'll really beat you to death
Don't worry.
The man stands between heaven and earth
If you want to go, you have to go with dignity